h2. Shopify application generator

h3. Description:

This plugin adds access to Shopify's powerful API to your rails application. 
    
The generator creates a basic login controller for authenticating with your
Shop and a controller called "dashboard" which displays basic information 
about your products, orders and articles.
    
bq. _Note:_ It's recommended to use this on a new Rails project, so that the 
generator won't overwrite/delete some of your files.

h3. Installation:

bq. @script/plugin install git://github.com/Shopify/shopify_app@

h3. Usage:

All API usage happens through Shopify applications, created by either shop owners for their own shops, or by Shopify Partners for use by other shop owners:

* Shop owners can create applications for themselves through their own admin (under the Preferences > Applications tab).
* Shopify Partners create applications through their admin. If you don't have a Partners account yet, "register here":http://app.shopify.com/services/partners for free.

For more information and detailed documentation visit http://api.shopify.com
    
h3. Example:

Pass your API key and then your Secret, which the login controller will need to authenticate with your shop.

@script/generate shopify_app edffbb1bb793e2750686e6f4647a384a fed5bb18hde3e2750686e6f4647a781a@
        
This will create a login controller and a dashboard controller with their own views.

h3. After running the generator:

# Run your application with @script/server@
# And visit "http://localhost:3000":http://localhost:3000 and you are ready to log in with your Shopify account. 

